[The press] used to think that I was really this horrible, flame-throwing, terrible tyrant. Right? Now I go on a television show, where basically what I do is I fire people, and everyone thinks I’m such a nice guy. Which tells you what a bad image I had.
As everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a "wig." My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
At Trump Tower, I know everybody that goes up, and everybody that comes down
Big League
How stupid are the people of Iowa?
I believe [the media] like making me out to be something more sinister than I really am.
I don’t even consider myself ambitious.
I had some beautiful pictures taken in which I had a big smile on my face. I looked happy, I looked content, I looked like a very nice person, which in theory I am.
I have a great relationship with the blacks.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
I know what I'm doing, and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of people, and at the appropriate time I'll tell you who the people are
I love Neil Young, and he loves me! We have a great relationship.
I love Oprah. Oprah would always be my first choice [for Vice President]
I put my name on buildings because it sells better. I don’t do it because, gee, I need that.
I think I’m like the largest or one of the largest [political] contributors. I’m maxed out every year.
I want five children, like in my own family, because with five, then I will know that one will be guaranteed to turn out like me,
I will be so good at the military your head will spin.
I will be the greatest jobs president God ever created.
I will build a great, great wall on our southern border and I will make Mexico pay for that wall.
I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I've said a lot of things
I’ll shake hands. I shake hands with people. But it’s not something I like — look, I’m not a huge fan of Japan, but I love their custom.
If you have the money, having children is great.
In the second grade I actually gave a teacher a black eye — I punched my music teacher because I didn’t think he knew anything about music and I almost got expelled.
It’s a great building. It’s the second-tallest building in Chicago, and I always say it was better for the people of Chicago than it was for Donald Trump.
Listen you motherfuckers, we're going to tax you 25 percent!
Money is a little bit of a scorecard, but I don’t do it for the money. I do it because I really enjoy it. I love the creative process.
My life has been about winning. My life has not been about losing.
My marriage, it seemed, was the only area of my life in which I was willing to accept something less than perfection.
My net worth fluctuates, and it goes up and down with markets and with attitudes and with feelings—even my own feelings—but I try.
My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.
No, I’m not into anal.
Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.
Romney — I have a Gucci store that’s worth more than Romney.
She does have a very nice figure. I’ve said that if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault
Statistically, my children have a very bad shot. Children of successful people are generally very, very troubled, not successful. They don’t have the right shtick. You never know until they’re tested. But I do well with my children.
The [Clinton’s New York] house is right next to one of my golf courses, and, you know, I just wish I could have maybe represented him in buying the house, and her, because I think I could save them about $600,000 or $700,000.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
There have been many bad things said about me over the years, and in some cases they’ve been true. It doesn’t bother me. If I have a fault and somebody exposes that fault or talks about that fault, you won’t hear me complain.
There’s nobody bigger or better at the military than I am
They’re remaking ‘Indiana Jones’ without Harrison Ford, you can’t do that. And now they’re making ‘Ghostbusters’ with only women. What’s going on?
We literally have never had an argument; forget about the word ‘fight.’ We never even had an argument.
When I think I’m right, nothing bothers me.
When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
With the proper woman you don’t need Viagra
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
You know, wealthy people don’t like me.
You may get AIDS by kissing.
